Blood Skull
Why did you hurt my parents?
Your father and I both chose the blood skeleton back then
Since he is selected
Why did you hurt him?
Because your father turned them down.
Just because my father rejected them
They're going to murder my father
If they did come after your father
You don't have to spend such a big deal
That is to say
There are 6 more possibilities
I couldn't find the bodies of your parents back then
They just want to find my father
There's no need for such a big battle
Aren't they afraid of accidents?
That seems risky.
But there's no risk at all.
Before your father had an accident
It has been protected first
Except these
What else do you know?